add test metrics in ci capability (#5774)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/saved-queries.md

</detailsToggle>

## Related docs

> - [Test your metrics in a CI job](/docs/deploy/ci-jobs#test-metrics-in-ci) 

Author: ```suggestion
- [Validate your semantic nodes in a CI job](/docs/deploy/ci-jobs#semantic-validations-in-ci)
```

> - [Validate your semantic nodes in a CI job](/docs/deploy/ci-jobs#semantic-validations-in-ci)

Author: ```suggestion
- [Validate semantic nodes in a CI job](/docs/deploy/ci-jobs#semantic-validations-in-ci)
```
